INT-3333: Return empty list as is from DB gateway (#3907)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/jdbc.adoc

Starting with the version 4.2, the `request-prepared-statement-setter` attribute is available on the `<int-jdbc:outbound-gateway>` as an alternative to `request-sql-parameter-source-factory`.
It lets you specify a `MessagePreparedStatementSetter` bean reference, which implements more sophisticated `PreparedStatement` preparation before its execution.

> Starting with the version 6.0, the `JdbcOutboundGateway` returns an empty list result as is instead of converting it to `null` as it was before with the meaning "no reply".
> This caused an extra configuration in applications where handling of empty lists is a part of downstream logic.
> See <<./splitter.adoc#split-stream-and-flux,Splitter Discard Channel>> for possible empty list handling option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with the version 6.0, the `JdbcOutboundGateway` returns an empty list result when there are no records returned by the query. 
Previously, `null` was returned, ending the flow, or throwing an exception, depending on `requiresReply`.
This required extra configuration in applications where handling of empty lists is part of the downstream logic.
See <<./splitter.adoc#split-stream-and-flux,Splitter Discard Channel>> for possible empty list handling options.
Or, to revert to the previous behavior, add a `filter` after the gateway to filter out empty lists.
```
